how's it going guys here's another video
on an updated status on grand theft auto
5 coming to the PC now there's been a
lot of rumors floating around ever since
September and even before then on
whether or not grand theft auto 5 would
be making its way onto pc there was a
rumor of it coming out in January then
March and it really seems like it's just
you know it's never gonna come out I
still have faith in this game coming out
there's too much money on the table with
a pc version being released yes I know
that Rockstar probably has its you know
wait weariness about our piracy and
things of that nature but I still think
it would be a massive success with the
people that do actually purchase the
game but beyond that the the latest news
on grand theft auto 5 coming out for PC
comes from gamestop now can stop this is
definitely the biggest kind of leak of
grass out of 5 eventually coming out of
PC because gamestop if as you guys know
it's probably the largest video game
retailer in the world uh you know the
the last few GTA 5 PC leaks that we've
had have come from you know kind of
smaller retailers but gamestop is a
store and a website you know whatever
you want to call them a retailer that's
pretty much really on point with things
that they post so they accidentally
posted on the powerup rewards site
that's kind of like their trade and said
I'll post the link down below in the
description that grand theft auto 5 was
indeed going to be released on the pc
now there's been rumors also floating
around that it's going to be announced
at e3 in June that makes a lot of sense
because I wouldn't doubt a next-gen
version coinciding with a pc version
that seems to make a lot of sense since
you know that kind of you know kind of
coincides with each other and there's
also rumors that GTA 5 might come as
early as May 28th so you know who knows
at this point I personally I could see
an e3 announcement that seems to make
the most amount of sense on e3
announcement that coincides with in Xbox
one and a ps4 release date that makes a
lot of sense to me I don't know
hopefully we get it soon because I know
a lot of people have been salivating to
play this game that's uh you know a pc
only player and you know ps3 and xbox
360 players I've been playing it for
months although
I do have great the thought of five on
the playstation 3 and i'll tell you guys
first came that if you guys are an avid
pc gamer that you know kind of thought
of five it definitely doesn't run out 30
frames per second the graphics are
pretty poor and you know it's a
fantastic game don't get me wrong but at
the performance side of things it's
definitely on the weaker and that's to
be expected it was on a last gen
platform with a very weak hardware so
hopefully this does come out for next
gen consoles and PC and we see some
better performance and things of that
nature at this point I'm still holding
out hope but you know that hope is
growing dimmer and dimmer so who knows
let me know what you guys think in the
comments down below and I will catch you
guys later peace